Comcast Live Chat
Session Connected!Exit ChatView Transcript
user Guest has entered room
analyst Mohit has entered room
Mohit: Hello Guest_, Thank you for contacting Comcast Live Chat Support. My name is Mohit. Please give me one moment to review your information.
Guest: My Issue: New Customer Active Address
Mohit: It is a pleasure to have you on Chat. How are you doing today?
Guest: Im good
Guest: i have a question about my new comcast account bill
Mohit: Glad to know that you are doing good.
Mohit: I would be more than happy to help you with this.
Guest: I signed up for a promotional offer of 55 per month plus taxes, why does my bill say a recurring charge of 121 per month ?
Guest: its only been three days since i turned on service
Mohit: If I could help you with this, believe me I would’ve been the first person to do so. It’s just that I am in the sales department and can help you with setting up of new services and upgrades. For your query, there is a separate dedicated department which can certainly resolve it for you.
Mohit: I need to transfer your chat to the billing departement. they will surely help you with this.
Mohit: Before transferring your chat is there anything in may I help you with ?
Guest: no thanks
Guest: please transfer me
Mohit: Please stay connect, I am transferring your chat.
Mohit: Please wait, while the problem is escalated to another analyst
user Guest has entered room
analyst Aldrin has entered room
Waiting for response from Mohit
analyst Mohit has left room
Aldrin: Hi!
Aldrin: For security purposes, please provide your account name, account number and the last 4 digits of SSN.
Guest: account name is Debasmita
Guest: account number is: 8495741401199603
Guest: SSN last four is 4587
Aldrin: Thanks!
Aldrin: I have the account
Aldrin: Is ROY.DEBASMITA@COMCAST.NET still the best e-mail address that we can send important Comcast account related updates?
Guest: roy.debasmita@gmail.com would be better
Guest: that is what is on the account
Aldrin: Thanks! I updated it.
Texas
Guest: Hello
Aldrin: Going back to your issue, I see here that you current service is internet plus for $49.99. There's a professional installation charge for $50 that is why your balance period from 5/2 - 6/1 is $110.92 but moving forward your monthly rate will be at $57.67 including taxes
Guest: okay for some reason my bill say a recurring charge of 121.95 per month ?
Aldrin: Please disregard that balance. Your updated balance period from 5/2 - 6/1 is $110.92 and will due on 5/23. We do apologize for the inconvenience on your end.
Guest: no probs - as long as the promotional offer I signed up for is honoured I'm good
Guest: do not want to pay 110 for internet every month 
Aldrin: Yes, no worries, your monthly rate will be at $57.67 including taxes for the next 12 months. The reason why your bill is high for this month is because of the professional installation of $50.
Aldrin: Was I able to addressed your issue?
Guest: okay understood - thanks !
Aldrin: You're welcome.
Aldrin: Is it okay if you could answer the survey after this chat?
Guest: sure
Sound  Toggle Sound

Type Here...
Send
Comcast
©2016